[DOC] Update Tempo doc to Alloy (#3843)
grafana/tempo: docs/sources/tempo/configuration/grafana-agent/_index.md

collector for sending metrics, logs, and trace data to the opinionated
Grafana observability stack.

{{< admonition type="note">}}
Grafana Alloy provides tooling to convert your Agent Static or Flow configuration files into a format that can be used by Alloy.

> For more information, refer to [Migrate to Alloy]({{<relref "../grafana-alloy/migrate-alloy" >}}).

Author: ```suggestion
For more information, refer to [Migrate to Alloy]({{< relref "../grafana-alloy/migrate-alloy" >}}).
```

> For more information, refer to [Migrate to Alloy]({{< relref "../grafana-alloy/migrate-alloy" >}}).

Reviewer: Can the relref be update to the current reference style?

Author: ```suggestion
For more information, refer to [Migrate to Alloy](https://grafana.com/docs/tempo/<TEMPO_VERSION>/grafana-alloy/migrate-alloy).
```
